0. Look through, and rewrite if necessary all the new account set up and new player code :(


1. Problem with inefficient exchanges

This has been noticed before with resource planets, but today I confirmed it with an Industrial planet. The problem:

If the efficiency on commodities is below 100% (85% is the most common, because of the absence of housing builds)
AND someone is standing in the exchange THEN production/consumption stops  So, I ask, what is the game doing 
differently when a player is standing in an exchange, and how does the efficiency play into that? Now, maybe it's 
not totally stopped, but maybe the inefficiency is amplified to make it appear stopped (like a cycle that would 
normally take only minutes is amplified to hours)  

I've seen this many times with resource planets, since they are always going to be 85% efficient with most 
commodities (agricollege bumps it up to 93% for agri commods) So today, I promoted Somnium, and on purpose only 
built 3 housing instead of 6 before the promotion, thus resulting in having an Industrial planet with 85% 
efficiency in most commodities. I stood in the exchange for more than an hour, stockpiles that could move, did 
not move.I stepped out of the exchange, and within a couple minutes stockpiles that could move, moved. And moved 
again within minutes. 

Case in point: 

Gold, sat at 248 stock on hand for the time i stood in the exchange (over an hour)It's a +48 producer.   In the 
last 15 minutes, that the exchange has had no one in it,  it has cycled 4 times and has 440 stock on hand now.  
This is a bug.  It would be really nice if it were fixed. Thanks,Mark  		 	   		  


2. We need a proper money class to prevent flip overs from big pos to big neg amounts


3. Blish City names

This player says that he accidentally built a third Blish City with the same name as the second one (A Do) and now 
he can't access it. Is there anything you can do about this?


4. Maybe we shoulf use a dictionary for the command parser?


5. Command synonym needed

Stardate: 129293:7180 - Oddball: Hazed.  Command list in Star for fitting out a resource city is incorrect...
should be build city mining

When you do your cleaning up, can you set it so "resource" works as well, please, so it matches every other 
usage in the game.


6. New mobile: Spin doctor


7. New mobile:

Carbon-based Activated Tabby
Schrodinger
Wave Equation
Cryptography
Key Exchange
Two places at once
Young's slit experiment
Get through extremely small appatures, but only when you are not watching
feline uncertainty principle 

